Illustrator : ぬごですが。
Instrumental : Eem Triplin
Song : Takayan
"To everyone who wants to die"
To everyone, who is trying their best to keep on breathing.
I hope you’ll be able to live freely forever.
The single voice,
that supports you from the back.
Not those sentences such as “Cheer up.”
It’s the grace from
“I’m with you.”
It’s okay.  You can cry like you are dying.
When you get furious,
just let it out.
You are the protagonist.
Uniqueness will come up eventually.
Just live, without pushing yourself too hard.
Even if no one understands you,
Your “love”
is the source of your happiness, isn’t it?
Keep on chasing after it,
Failure is also a lesson to learn, isn’t it?
Nobody has the right
to deny your values.
Nobody can criticize
your will to die or give up.
But if it makes you suffer, quit it.
At that time, you don’t need to act strong,
just get sick about it.
Thanks for still living.
I hope I can be with you tomorrow, too.
To everyone, who is trying their best to keep on breathing.
I hope you’ll be able to live freely forever.
The single voice,
that supports you from the back.
Not those sentences such as “Cheer up.”
It’s the grace from
“I’m with you.”
It’s okay.  You can cry like you are dying.
When you get furious,
just let it out.
You are the protagonist.
Uniqueness will come up eventually.
Just live, without pushing yourself too hard.
(Translate/Subtitles : ShigureHMR)